## Description

Kalman Filter is a filter that can predict the state of the system from the input and output information together with the previous information of the model in a dynamic system represented by the state space model. 
The Kalman Filter is an algorithm used after the 1960s, mainly in vehicle navigation (although aerospace applications are typical, but also in other application areas), providing an optimized estimate of the state of the system. The algorithm works on a noisy observation data stream (typically sensor measurements) in real-time, recursively, filtering to minimize error and optimize it according to the mathematical prediction of the future state generated by modeling the physical characteristics of the system.
We can think of the mathematical model as a function. Functions have parameters (input) and return values (output). Building the mathematical model can sometimes be very difficult. It is very difficult for a linear system to model a non-linear system, although sometimes it is easy. You cannot reflect the real system exactly as a mathematical model. You should try to create the mathematical model closest to the real system. Because the data we obtain will be noisy and inaccurate data. In real life, there may be factors affecting our system that we are not aware of and modeling all of these factors will be difficult and confusing.
Since our goal of this tutorial is to implement the Kalman filter in computer programming code, this tutorial was created exclusively for the Discrete Kalman filter.
The basic idea of the Kalman filter is to use previous knowledge of the situation, the filter makes a forward projection state or predicts the next situation.
The Kalman Filter aims to predict the state of a system at time k using the linear stochastic difference equation, assuming that the state of a system at time k has evolved as written from the previous state at time k-1.
